if you're a true fan of the sports sedan
you've probably been waiting years for
the BMW 1-series the all new vehicle
harkens back to the legendary 2002 which
invented the sport sedan category the
available twin turbocharged inline six
will take this lightweight four-seater
from 0 to 60 in a mere 5.6 seconds the
new 5 Series also launches in 2008 with
new looks and amazing new technology the
active cruise control with the new stop
& go function will keep a preset
distance between you and the car in
front of you and it will even bring the
car to a complete halt and stop and go
driving then start you up again without
the driver ever having to touch the
brake or accelerator to combat drowsy
driving BMW is even offering the new
lane departure warning system when
activated the lane departure warning
uses a series of cameras to determine
whether the vehicle is drifting over the
line and vibrates the steering wheel so
that the driver can correct course the
navigation system also includes
real-time traffic information also
available is night vision which helps
you see into the future far ahead of
normal headlights the heads-up display
also helps drivers keep their eyes on
the road the m5 is also all new for 2008
with 500 horsepower and as six-speed
manual gearbox the m5 is a blisteringly
fast sports car that can also be used as
a daily commuter and a family hauler
also knew from BMWs M division is the
2008 m3 coupe and the first m3 sedan in
years the m3 sedan combines the
benchmark performance of the m3 with the
functionality of four doors meaning your
date with this ultimate drive can easily
be a double date the 3 series continues
as a sedan and a hardtop convertible the
z4s back as the ultimate two-seater the
08 x5 is now available with a third row
back up camera system and HD Radio the
b7 alpina combine
speed and grace with a supercharged 8
cylinder engine suede headliner and
distinctive wheels the 12-cylinder 760
IL individual series has a fridge in the
back and lots of cool custom colors for
both the interior and the exterior
speaking of exteriors BMW should receive
a thank you note from the great outdoors
for the introduction of the first
hydrogen powered luxury sedan which
emits only water vapor to the
environment the h7 is currently on the
road in California and Washington the
650i coupe and convertible returned with
a fresh face that will put a smile on
the face of anyone who can afford to be
driven but would much rather drive
themselves the x6 concept vehicle has
the functionality of BMW sports activity
vehicles combined with the sleekness of
the sixth series the x6 may even come to
market with BMWs first 8 cylinder
activehybrid engine proving that power
doesn't have to come at the price of
fuel efficiency the cs concept
illustrates that although form follows
function at BMW the results can still be
very sexy for more on all the 2008 BMWs
just go to BWW usa.com I'm grant winter
reporting
you